---
tags: [ note/data ] 
---
[[2020]] | [[2022]] 
# 2021
## Fun
**Copy and paste the first quote from [/r/quotes: For your favorite quotes](https://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/top/?t=year).
**
> Quote goes here
> — <cite>Author</cite>

`Your opnions on this quote here.`

## Performance
### Projects
```dataview
TABLE WITHOUT ID
	link(file.name, default(aliases, file.name)) as "Project",
	start as "Start",
	end as "End",
	status as "Status",
	link(discipline, default(link(discipline).aliases, file.name)) as Discipline
FROM #note/project 
WHERE start >= date(2021-01-01) 
	and start < date(2022-01-01) + dur(1 day)
	or end >= date(2021-01-01)
	and end < date(2022-01-01) + dur(1 day)
	or file.mtime > date(2021-01-01)
	and file.mtime < date(2022-01-01) + dur(1 day)
sort end, status
```

## Reflection
Here is a generalized Yearly Reflection. The intent is to be mindful about your personal biases and values, evaluate them, and adjust as needed moving forward. It's suggested to scour the internet for other yearly self-reflection questions for better direction if you are stuck.
### Looking Outwards
**Based on reality, what major events occurred this year? How have they affected your direction and velocity? Consider looking through all your Projects, Disciplines, other Journals, etc.**
`Answer`

### Looking Within
**How do you feel about those physical events now? Do you think you're in a better spot now than you were last year? Why do you think this is the case?**
`Answer`

**Look at your [[Life Pillars]]. How do you feel about them now? Do they still feel relevant and important? Have you developed new or dissolved old Life Pillars? Why?**
`Answer`

**Look at your [[Life Dynamic]]. Does it make sense given your Life Pillars above? Why?**
`Answer`

**How close are you to embodying your Life Dynamic? How so and why?**
`Answer`

**Does your [[Ikigai (View)|Ikigai]] still resonate with you? How has it evolved in reference to yourself and the world?**
`Answer`

**Do you feel like something fundamental needs to change (e.g. you, your circumstances, etc)? Why?**
`Answer`

### Moving Forward
**If you felt that something needs to change, what can you do to make it happen? If you didn't, how can you keep things the way they are?**
`Answer`

### Rating
**Through an arbitrary percentage, from within, how positively or negatively do you think you've shifted from last year? +/-100% is when you could not have imagined yourself in that position last year because you have changed so much to get to where you are now.**
`Answer`

**And how much shifts of your outwards reality?**
`Answer`

> Please make any adjustments to your Life Pillars, Life Dynamic, Disciplines, Ikigai, etc. now if needed. If anything make a task for it.

## Ramblings
`Random yearly ramblings go here.`